1- Made functions to display the main menu, instructions page and difficulty selection page.
2- Used for loops to make buttons.   Turned fonts global.   Added a function for the game with boxes that can be dragged.
3- Added function to randomly generate questions.   Draggable boxes are larger and have been arranged in a line.
4- Added a score object, it is global and stores score.   Added boxes for inputs and outputs, score counter and W/L ratio.
5- Added the game controller function.   Changed color of input and output boxes.
6- Added text to the draggable answer boxes.
7- Added menu buttons in difficulty selection page and in the main game.
8- Added menu button in instructions page.
9- Added text to input and output boxes and menu button in the main game, reset and submit buttons and line to close the hotbar.
10- Added a function to correct the answer when 'submit' is clicked, also added a bubble sort.
11- Changed the question generator to get questions by reading a text file, 'questions.txt' required for game to work.
12- Made functions to made and display labled buttons, saves space and makes the code easier to read.   Added text to menu button in difficulty selection page.
13- Changed the functions to make and print buttons to fit text that is too long to fit in one row, added a function to split text.
14- Changed main font to bold.   Fixed the function to split text.
15- Added text to menu button in instructions page.   Function added to display warning screen when something goes wrong.
16- Added difficulty levels, changed the generator function for difficulty levels because a different file is used for each difficulty level.
17- Added settings file to allow user to choose files for different difficults levels and edit the difficulty selection menu.
18- Changed load_text to more efficiently read settings file. Changed cursor to diamond. Added reactions to buttons when clicked. Screen size is now constant.
19- Buttons now react to cursor hovering over them. Made code easier to read. Limited space for dragging answer boxes.
20- Correct answer is displayed on screen if theinput answer is wrong.
